Banking
1.Accrued interest
Interest that has been earned but not yet paid. For example, the interest earned by a bondholder between 
semiannual coupon payments or the interest earned by a lender since the last monthly interest payment was collected 
from the borrower. Accrued interest for investment securities is calculated from the issue date or the last payment date up to 
but not including the settlement date. When a buyer purchases a bond, the buyer owes the seller the accrued interest 
in addition to the market price of the security purchased.
2.Agency fund
A fund normally used to account for assets held by a government as an agent for individuals, private organizations 
or other governments, and/or other funds. The agency fund also is used to report the assets and 
liabilities of Internal Revenue Code, Section 457, deferred compensation plans.
3.Amortizing swap
An interest rate swap with a declining notional principal.
4.Warranty deed
A document that transfers title to real estate from a grantor to a grantee. 
The distinguishing characteristic of a warranty deed is that it guarantees the grantor's right to make 
such a conveyance and that the grantor's title is free of all liens and debts not specifically disclosed.
5.Whole life insurance
A form of life insurance that applies part of the premium payments to build an investment or savings value for the policy owner.
The investment or savings value is called the cash surrender value of the policy.
6.Negotiable
Salable.
7.Goods
A category of personal property defined by Article 9 of the UCC. Sometimes called tangible goods. 
Further divided into consumer goods, equipment, farm products, and inventory.
8.Guaranty
An agreement by a person, partnership, or corporation (other than the borrower) to repay a bank loan 
if the borrower does not pay.
9.Data mining
Obtaining information about customers or groups of customers from a data warehouse for marketing or other purposes.
10.Debt
Funds owed by a debtor to a creditor. Outstanding debt obligations are assets for creditors and liabilities for debtors. 
May or may not be covered by written agreements.

Education
1.Reading disability 
A condition in which a sufferer displays difficulty reading resulting primarily from neurological factors.
2.Rhodes Scholarships
Created by Cecil Rhodes and have been awarded to applicants annually since 1902 by the Oxford-based Rhodes Trust 
on the basis of academic qualities, as well as those of character. They provide the successful candidate with 
two years of study at the University of Oxford in England, possibly extended for a third year.
3.Science fair: Generally a competition where contestants create a project related to science or some scientific phenomenon.
Science fairs usually are involved with children and schooling; however, the term can be used to describe science fairs 
independent of the age of the contestants involved. They are often also combined with competition in mathematics or history.
4.Self-esteem
Includes a person's subjective appraisal of himself or herself as intrinsically positive or negative to some degree.
5.Skill
An ability, usually learned, to perform actions.
6.heutagogy
The study of self-determined learning.
7.Motivation
The driving force behind all actions of human beings and other animals. It is an internal state that activates behavior 
and gives it direction. Emotion is closely related to motivation, and may be regarded as the subjectively experienced component
of motivational states.
8.Problem finding
Problem discovery. It is part of the larger problem process that includes problem shaping and problem solving.
Problem finding requires intellectual vision and insight into what is missing. This involves the application of creativity.
9.Problem shaping
Revising a question so that the solution process can begin or continue. It is part of the larger problem process that 
includes problem finding and problem solving. Problem shaping (or problem framing) often involves the application of critical thinking.
10.Problem solving
Forms part of thinking. It occurs if an organism or an artificial intelligence system does not know how to proceed 
from a given state to a desired goal state. It is part of the larger problem process that includes problem finding 
and problem shaping.

Healthcare
1.Co-payment 
A fixed amount (for example, $15) you pay for a covered 
health care service, usually when you receive the service. 
The amount can vary by the type of covered health care
service. 
2.Medically Necessary 
Health care services or supplies needed to prevent, 
diagnose or treat an illness, injury, condition, disease or 
its symptoms and that meet accepted standards of 
medicine.
3.Reconstructive Surgery 
Surgery and follow-up treatment needed to correct or 
improve a part of the body because of birth defects, 
accidents, injuries or medical conditions.
4.Prescription Drugs 
Drugs and medications that by law require a prescription. 
5.Hospitalization 
Care in a hospital that requires admission as an inpatient 
and usually requires an overnight stay. An overnight stay 
for observation could be outpatient care.
6.Health Insurance 
A contract that requires your health insurer to pay some 
or all of your health care costs in exchange for a 
premium.
7.Premium 
The amount that must be paid for your health insurance
or plan. You and/or your employer usually pay it 
monthly, quarterly or yearly. 
8.Plan 
A benefit your employer, union or other group sponsor 
provides to you to pay for your health care services. 
9.Grievance 
A complaint that you communicate to your health insurer
or plan.
10.Appeal 
A request for your health insurer or plan to review a 
decision or a grievance again
